It is now time to set up your deep
in computer as a Bluetooth low
energy scanner and Iety gateway.
This will involve running
software at github.com,
Aiden, Hyphen, Parkinson.
Slash barely hyphen M QTT hyphen bridge.
You will need to follow instructions
that can be found in the readme
dot ND file to set the gateway up.
In this demonstration I'm
using a Raspberry Pi,
but you could use and and have
been to operating system.
To validate connections with the
server and encrypt network traffic,
it is necessary to download a certificate.
This is the first series of
steps shown in the README file.
It is now necessary to download Debian
Project Dependencies to run this
software using the app package Manager.
We then cloned the barely MQTT bridge
source code from the remote repository
to our local device. In the optional.
Add folder the optional software folder.
We then navigate to the project
folder and set up a virtual
environment to run the software.
Notice once a virtual
environment is activated,
the terminal is prefixed with bank.
Now I can install the Python dependencies
using the Pip three package manager.
And finally, I can run the
Python application as root.
We see that the application is connected
and subscribed and the scanner is
returning barely data broadcast packets
that are being printed in the terminal.